{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa200

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implement 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 atoi
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  to convert a string to an integer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa200

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Hint:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Carefully consider all possible input cases. If you want a challenge, please do not see below and ask yourself what are the possible input cases.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Notes:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  It is intended for this problem to be specified vaguely (ie, no given input specs). You are responsible to gather all the input requirements up front.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Requirements for atoi:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa200

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The function first discards as many whitespace characters as necessary until the first non-whitespace character is found. Then, starting from this character, takes an optional initial plus or minus sign followed by as many numerical digits as possible, and interprets them as a numerical value.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The string can contain additional characters after those that form the integral number, which are ignored and have no effect on the behavior of this function.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 If the first sequence of non-whitespace characters in str is not a valid integral number, or if no such sequence exists because either str is empty or it contains only whitespace characters, no conversion is performed.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 If no valid conversion could be performed, a zero value is returned. If the correct value is out of the range of representable values, INT_MAX (2147483647) or INT_MIN (-2147483648) is returned.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}